README.md, before:

# BCS2 ITCS214LA



The works of Luis Anton P. Imperial, 2nd-year student in Computer Science at De La Salle University–Dasmariñas, for the class Data Structures and Algorithms (class code: ITCS214).

This repository features scripts in Python as well as screenshots of outputs as requested by our professor, Ms. Flordeliza “Thonie” Fernandez (on GitHub as [shewhocode8](https://github.com/shewhocode8)).

## Skeletal structure

- s01
> - discussion
>> - **discussionM01.txt** — This touches on data in the computing space and tools used to manipulate it.
> - activity
>> - **miniActivityS01-LImperial.txt** — We were asked to write our name, as well as five of our self-described qualities and hobbies, on a plain text file and push it to a GitHub repository (which is this one).
- s02
> - discussion
>> - **mapSchool.py** (Tue, Aug 29) — We were introduced to the concept of the Dijkstra algorithm, and, more broadly, programming a search for the fastest route for navigation purposes.
> - activity
>> - **mapSchoolAct_V5.py** — A list of journeys was given wherein we must find the fastest route for all of them. The final version.
- s03
> - discussion
>> - **discussionArray.txt** — Our third session was all about arrays and lists.
> - activity
>> - **MLabAct4_Imperial.py** (Tue, Sep 12) — We created a function to define the bonus of salaried employees at a fictional company, using percentage values and ranges given by the professor.
>> - **Imperial-elevator.py** (Tue, Sep 19) — Using arrays, we created a script for an elevator in some type of 15-storey building.
- s04
> - activity
>> - **GradingSystem_Imperial [version].py** (Tue, Sep 26) — We created a script to represent our final grades for the semester based on input values, alongside percentages and formulas provided by our instructor.
- s05
> - discussion
>> - **linklist.py** (Fri, Sep 29) — Discussion on LinkedLists, which includes creative ways to recreate diagrams Ma'am Thonie made on the whiteboard.
> - activity
>> - **LinkedList.py** (Fri, Sep 29) — We were asked to rearrange a short linked list consisting of five values, from [6, 3, 4, 2, 1] to [6, 4, 3, 2, 1].
- s06
> - activity
>> - **MidtermExam_[version].py** (Tue, Oct 3) — Our exams for our midterm period were a mix of fill-in-the-blank code and debugging.
- images
> - **[some activity]\_Imperial\_[screenshot filename].[ext]** — These are screenshots of output, sometimes kept for archival purposes. Oftentimes, the prof requests them alongside the script itself for crosschecking, whenever we submit our work to Cypher Learning's NEO Learning Management System service (branded by our uni as Schoolbook).

## Discrepancies

Some of my classmates did not create a folder for the introduction session, instead placing the navigation script as `s01` and the salary script as `s02`. This archive syncs up with theirs starting at the elevator script done September 19, around our forth(-ish?) week of classes.

## On socials

- Twitter: [@LuisAntonPI](https://twitter.com/LuisAntonPI)
- Firefish: [@LuisAPI](https://firefish.social/@LuisAPI)
- LinkedIn: [Luis Anton Imperial](https://linkedin.com/in/LuisAntonPI)
- GitHub: [@LuisAPI](https://github.com/LuisAPI)

Commit message:

Add new 'Table of files' section to separate description from struct sect

README.md, after:

# BCS2 ITCS214LA



The works of Luis Anton P. Imperial, 2nd-year student in Computer Science at De La Salle University–Dasmariñas, for the class Data Structures and Algorithms (class code: ITCS214).

This repository features scripts in Python as well as screenshots of outputs as requested by our professor, Ms. Flordeliza “Thonie” Fernandez (on GitHub as [shewhocode8](https://github.com/shewhocode8)).

## Skeletal structure

- s01
> - discussion
>> - **discussionM01.txt** — This touches on data in the computing space and tools used to manipulate it.
> - activity
>> - **miniActivityS01-LImperial.txt** — We were asked to write our name, as well as five of our self-described qualities and hobbies, on a plain text file and push it to a GitHub repository (which is this one).
- s02
> - discussion
>> - **mapSchool.py** (Tue, Aug 29) — We were introduced to the concept of the Dijkstra algorithm, and, more broadly, programming a search for the fastest route for navigation purposes.
> - activity
>> - **mapSchoolAct_V5.py** — A list of journeys was given wherein we must find the fastest route for all of them. The final version.
- s03
> - discussion
>> - **discussionArray.txt** — Our third session was all about arrays and lists.
> - activity
>> - **MLabAct4_Imperial.py** (Tue, Sep 12) — We created a function to define the bonus of salaried employees at a fictional company, using percentage values and ranges given by the professor.
>> - **Imperial-elevator.py** (Tue, Sep 19) — Using arrays, we created a script for an elevator in some type of 15-storey building.
- s04
> - activity
>> - **GradingSystem_Imperial [version].py** (Tue, Sep 26) — We created a script to represent our final grades for the semester based on input values, alongside percentages and formulas provided by our instructor.
- s05
> - discussion
>> - **linklist.py** (Fri, Sep 29) — Discussion on LinkedLists, which includes creative ways to recreate diagrams Ma'am Thonie made on the whiteboard.
> - activity
>> - **LinkedList.py** (Fri, Sep 29) — We were asked to rearrange a short linked list consisting of five values, from [6, 3, 4, 2, 1] to [6, 4, 3, 2, 1].
- s06
> - activity
>> - **MidtermExam_[version].py** (Tue, Oct 3) — Our exams for our midterm period were a mix of fill-in-the-blank code and debugging.
- images
> - **[some activity]\_Imperial\_[screenshot filename].[ext]** — These are screenshots of output, sometimes kept for archival purposes. Oftentimes, the prof requests them alongside the script itself for crosschecking, whenever we submit our work to Cypher Learning's NEO Learning Management System service (branded by our uni as Schoolbook).

## Table of files

Session | Type | File | Description
----|----|----|----
s01 | discussion | discussionM01.txt | This touches on data in the computing space and tools used to manipulate it.

## Discrepancies

Some of my classmates did not create a folder for the introduction session, instead placing the navigation script as `s01` and the salary script as `s02`. This archive syncs up with theirs starting at the elevator script done September 19, around our forth(-ish?) week of classes.

## On socials

- Twitter: [@LuisAntonPI](https://twitter.com/LuisAntonPI)
- Firefish: [@LuisAPI](https://firefish.social/@LuisAPI)
- LinkedIn: [Luis Anton Imperial](https://linkedin.com/in/LuisAntonPI)
- GitHub: [@LuisAPI](https://github.com/LuisAPI)
